0;As for the moment, I would like to provide you with a quick debriefing on our facilities.
5.1;For this, please refer to the slides provided to you.
8.2;These slides will help you acclimate to the nature of our work here at BEES and guide you through navigating our laboratory and research facilities.
17.2;If you are accessing our workspace through the use of a VR headset and other VR-related paraphernalia, movement should be instinctive.
26.0;Feel free to move as you would in any laboratory to navigate your environment. 
31.1;If you are using VR simulator in order to access our facilities, however, the slides outline the basic controls.
39.0;For the exhaustive and more technical list of controls, please refer to the top left of your screen.
45.2;Next, our slides will display the facilities relevant for the current study.
50.2;For this specific scenario, you will be supplied with the Virtual Patient Simulator, your very own workstation, Logic Board, screen, and tasklist. 
61.1;The Virtual Patient Simulator is the hologram of a human body.
65.2;With this simulator, you will be able to inspect the bodily symptoms and problems within those affected by the pollen.
73.1;Near the simulator, you will see your very own workstation. 
77.1;We have all sorts of equipment at your disposal, but be sure to not break anything!
83.1;We also have a Logic Board: this board will be your best friend in keeping track of everything.
89.0;You’ll be able to place in information as we go, recording everything you’ve done so we have the most accurate information possible.
96.2;In your hand, you’ll have access to our screen, and it will show you the different diagrams for the tasks that you will be doing.
104.2;Lastly, we also have a taskbar for you!
107.3;This tasklist will always display your immediate to-dos, so don’t hesitate to make use of it.
113.3;Of course, if it interferes with your work, you also have the option to dismiss it.
119.2;That’s about it for our available facilities!
122.0;Please do not hesitate to explore more of your surroundings.
126.0;Again, for those accessing our laboratory using VR simulator, the list of controls can be found on the upper-left corner of your screen.
135.0;The BEES looks forward to your service over the course of your time here in the facility!”